---
layout: homepage
title: Board of Architects Singapore
description: "The Board of Architects is the statutory authority established to administer the Architects Act in Singapore."
permalink: /
---
**ADVISORY TO ALL VISITORS TO BOA**<br><br> In view of the current COVID-19 (Coronavirus Disease 2019) situation, MND has implemented visitors screening measures at the lobby of MND Complex. All visitors to BOA are required to register at the security counters and complete a health and travel declaration form before entering the premises. Please note that visitors may be asked to leave if they do not comply with MND's guidelines.<br><br> We encourage you to submit your application forms (eg. Practising Certificates, Company Licence, Firm Name Applications etc.) and the supporting documents to us via post instead of visiting our office.<br><br> Should you have queries regarding your application, you can contact us via our hotline: 6222 5295 or email: Boa_Enquiry@boa.gov.sg<br><br> **NOTICE TO ALL PPE CANDIDATES**<br><br> In view of the safe distancing measures implemented by the Ministry of Health (MOH), PPE candidates are permitted to submit April’s quarterly assessment reports that are **signed electronically** by their PPE Advisors and Supervisors.<br><br> Candidates are required to attach printed copies of the emails from their PPE Advisor and Supervisor confirming their approval for the reports together with the 2 quarterly assessment reports to be submitted. Candidates are encouraged to submit the quarterly assessment reports and supporting emails to BOA **via post** and ensure that the reports reach BOA by the deadline on **30 Apr 2020**. <br><br> Please note that this is a one-off exemption for submission of April’s quarterly assessment report in view of the current COVID-19 situation. BOA will monitor the situation for the next quarter.<br><br> Thank you for your cooperation and understanding in ensuring a safe environment for all.
