---
layout: post
title: 'Update on the Professional Practice Examination 2020'
date: 2021-02-10T00:00:00.000Z
permalink: /resources/news/update-on-ppe2020

---

10 Feb 2021

### **Update on the Professional Practice Examination 2020**

(1)	The Board would like to update the candidates who have signed up for the Professional Practice Examination 2020 that the written examination will be held on **31 Mar 2021** at the National University of Singapore. Candidates who are eligible to sit for the written examination will be notified via email.

**SAFE MANAGEMENT MEASURES**

(2)	The following Safe Management Measures (SMM) will be implemented at the examination venue to safeguard the well-being of candidates and staff amidst the COVID-19 pandemic:

* Temperature taking and visual screening of all candidates. 
* Use of TraceTogether App on the mobile phone. Candidates are required to download the TraceTogether App and use it to check in/out of the venue. Due to logistics issue, we are **not** able to accept the use of the physical TraceTogether Token.  
* All candidates are required to wear face masks at all times. 
* Candidates will be divided into 3 zones with a maximum of 50 candidates in each zone. Candidates are not allowed to intermingle with those who are seated in another zone during and after the examination. 
* Candidates will be seated 1.5 metres apart from one another.
* Enhance cleaning regimes of toilets and designated toilets or staggered toilet breaks for groups of students where appropriate, to avoid congregation and intermingling between groups.
* Staggered dismissal timings as well as dedicated entry and exit points.

**DEFERRED SITTING FOR CANDIDATES UNDER QO/HQO/SHN/LOA/ARI**

(3)	Candidates who fall under the following categories will **not** be allowed to sit for the examinations to ensure that they do not pose a risk to others:

* Quarantine Order (QO)/Home Quarantine Order (HQO)
* Stay-Home Notice (SHN)
* Leave of Absence (LOA)
* Medical Leave with Acute Respiratory Infection (ARI)

(4)	BOA will defer the exam sitting for candidates who fall under the above categories to PPE 2021.

(5)	Candidates who fall under the above categories are required to notify BOA in writing **not less than 72 hours** from the date of the examination.

(6)	Candidates who display flu-like symptoms (fever, cough, sore throat, runny nose) on the day of the examination will **not** be allowed to sit for the examination and are advised to seek immediate medical attention.
